Psalm 34
Psalm 34 psalm of David when he pretended madness
psalm of David when he pretended madness
psalm of David when he pretended madness before Abimelech who drove him away and
before Abimelech who drove him away and
before Abimelech who drove him away and he departed I will bless the Lord at all
he departed I will bless the Lord at all
he departed I will bless the Lord at all times his praise shall continually be in
times his praise shall continually be in
times his praise shall continually be in my mouth my soul shall make its boast in
my mouth my soul shall make its boast in
my mouth my soul shall make its boast in the Lord the humble shall hear of it and
the Lord the humble shall hear of it and
the Lord the humble shall hear of it and be glad o magnify the Lord with me and
be glad o magnify the Lord with me and
be glad o magnify the Lord with me and let us exalt his name together I sought
let us exalt his name together I sought
let us exalt his name together I sought the Lord and he heard me and delivered
the Lord and he heard me and delivered
the Lord and he heard me and delivered me from all my fears they looked to him
me from all my fears they looked to him
me from all my fears they looked to him and were radiant and their faces were
and were radiant and their faces were
and were radiant and their faces were not ashamed
not ashamed
not ashamed this poor man cried out and the Lord
this poor man cried out and the Lord
this poor man cried out and the Lord heard him and saved him out of all his
heard him and saved him out of all his
heard him and saved him out of all his troubles the angel of the lord encamps
troubles the angel of the lord encamps
troubles the angel of the lord encamps all around those who fear him and
all around those who fear him and
all around those who fear him and delivers them o taste and see that the
delivers them o taste and see that the
delivers them o taste and see that the Lord is good blessed is the man who
Lord is good blessed is the man who
Lord is good blessed is the man who trusts in him Oh fear the Lord you his
trusts in him Oh fear the Lord you his
trusts in him Oh fear the Lord you his Saints there is no want to those who
Saints there is no want to those who
Saints there is no want to those who fear him the Young Lions lack and suffer
fear him the Young Lions lack and suffer
fear him the Young Lions lack and suffer hunger but those who seek the Lord shall
hunger but those who seek the Lord shall
hunger but those who seek the Lord shall not lack any good thing come your
not lack any good thing come your
not lack any good thing come your children listen to me I will teach you
children listen to me I will teach you
children listen to me I will teach you the fear of the Lord
the fear of the Lord
the fear of the Lord who is the man who desires life and
who is the man who desires life and
who is the man who desires life and loves many days that he may see good
loves many days that he may see good
loves many days that he may see good keep your tongue from evil and your lips
keep your tongue from evil and your lips
keep your tongue from evil and your lips from speaking deceit depart from evil
from speaking deceit depart from evil
from speaking deceit depart from evil and do good seek peace and pursue it the
and do good seek peace and pursue it the
and do good seek peace and pursue it the eyes of the Lord are on the righteous
eyes of the Lord are on the righteous
eyes of the Lord are on the righteous and his ears are open to their cry the
and his ears are open to their cry the
and his ears are open to their cry the face of the Lord is against those who do
face of the Lord is against those who do
face of the Lord is against those who do evil to cut off the remembrance of them
evil to cut off the remembrance of them
evil to cut off the remembrance of them from the earth the righteous cry out and
from the earth the righteous cry out and
from the earth the righteous cry out and the Lord hears and delivers them out of
the Lord hears and delivers them out of
the Lord hears and delivers them out of all their troubles the Lord is near to
all their troubles the Lord is near to
all their troubles the Lord is near to those who have a broken heart and saves
those who have a broken heart and saves
those who have a broken heart and saves such as have a contrite spirit many are
such as have a contrite spirit many are
such as have a contrite spirit many are the afflictions of the righteous but the
the afflictions of the righteous but the
the afflictions of the righteous but the Lord delivers him out of them all heat
Lord delivers him out of them all heat
Lord delivers him out of them all heat guards all his bones not one of them is
guards all his bones not one of them is
guards all his bones not one of them is broken evil shall slay the wicked and
broken evil shall slay the wicked and
broken evil shall slay the wicked and those who hate the righteous shall be
those who hate the righteous shall be
those who hate the righteous shall be condemned the Lord redeems the soul of
condemned the Lord redeems the soul of
condemned the Lord redeems the soul of his servants and none of those who trust
his servants and none of those who trust
his servants and none of those who trust in him shall be condemned
you
you [Music]